The main difference between customer management
in industry and VA are the constraints
that government encounters.
Commercial firms can decide not to provide service
to certain customer segments.
The government does not have this flexibility.
Commercial firms can decide to discontinue
certain end products or spare parts for products,
whereas government agencies cannot choose
which items they will handle.
An example of customer management in government
entails more customization and working closely
with the clinical staff.
This is due to meeting individual patient needs
such as surgeries, medical, and personal needs.